# RegisteredEngine

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | The Engine object entity ID. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Uuid** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The unique identifier generated by this engine. | [optional] 
**Type** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The type of this engine. | [optional] 
**Version** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The engine version. | [optional] 
**Name** | **string** | The name of this engine. | 
**SshPublicKey** | Pointer to **string** | The ssh public key of this engine. | [optional] 
**Hostname** | **string** | The hostname of this engine. | 
**CpuCoreCount** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | The total number of CPU cores on this engine. | [optional] 
**MemorySize** | Pointer to **NullableInt64** | The total amount of memory on this engine, in bytes. | [optional] 
**DataStorageCapacity** | Pointer to **NullableInt64** | The total amount of storage allocated for engine objects and system metadata, in bytes. | [optional] 
**DataStorageUsed** | Pointer to **NullableInt64** | The amount of storage used by engine objects and system metadata, in bytes. | [optional] 
**InsecureSsl** | Pointer to **bool** | Allow connections to the engine over HTTPs without validating the TLS certificate. Even though the connection to the engine might be performed over HTTPs, setting this property eliminates the protection against a man-in-the-middle attach for connections to this engine. Instead, consider creating a truststore with a Certificate Authority to validate the engine&#39;s certificate, and set the truststore_path propery.  | [optional] [default to false]
**UnsafeSslHostnameCheck** | Pointer to **bool** | Ignore validation of the name associated to the TLS certificate when connecting to the engine over HTTPs. Setting this value must only be done if the TLS certificate of the engine does not match the hostname, and the TLS configuration of the engine cannot be fixed. Setting this property reduces the protection against a man-in-the-middle attack for connections to this engine. This is ignored if insecure_ssl is set.  | [optional] [default to false]
**TruststoreFilename** | Pointer to **NullableString** | File name of a truststore which can be used to validate the TLS certificate of the engine. The truststore must be available at /etc/config/certs/&lt;truststore_filename&gt;  | [optional] 
**TruststorePassword** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Password to read the truststore.  | [optional] 
**Status** | Pointer to **NullableString** | the status of the engine  | [optional] [readonly] 
**ConnectionStatus** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The status of the connection to the engine. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ConnectionStatusDetails** | Pointer to **NullableString** | If set, details about the status of the connection to the engine. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Username** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The virtualization domain admin username. | [optional] 
**Password** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The virtualization domain admin password. | [optional] 
**MaskingUsername** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The masking admin username. | [optional] 
**MaskingPassword** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The masking admin password. | [optional] 
**HashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgs** | Pointer to **[]string** | Arguments to pass to the Vault CLI tool to retrieve the virtualization username for the engine. | [optional] 
**HashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgs** | Pointer to **[]string** | Arguments to pass to the Vault CLI tool to retrieve the masking username for the engine. | [optional] 
**HashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgs** | Pointer to **[]string** | Arguments to pass to the Vault CLI tool to retrieve the virtualization password for the engine. | [optional] 
**HashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgs** | Pointer to **[]string** | Arguments to pass to the Vault CLI tool to retrieve the masking password for the engine. | [optional] 
**MaskingHashicorpVaultId** | Pointer to **NullableInt64** | Reference to the Hashicorp vault to use to retrieve masking engine credentials. | [optional] 
**HashicorpVaultId** | Pointer to **NullableInt64** | Reference to the Hashicorp vault to use to retrieve virtualization engine credentials. | [optional] 
**Tags** | Pointer to [**[]Tag**](Tag.md) | The tags to be created for this engine. | [optional] 
**MaskingMemoryUsed** | Pointer to **NullableInt64** | The current amount of memory used by running masking jobs in bytes. | [optional] 
**MaskingAllocatedMemory** | Pointer to **NullableInt64** | The maximum amount of memory available for running masking jobs in bytes. | [optional] 
**MaskingJobsRunning** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | The number of masking jobs currently running. | [optional] 
**MaskingMaxConcurrentJobs** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | The maximum number of masking jobs that can be running at the same time. | [optional] 
**MaskingAvailableCores** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | The number of CPU cores available to the masking engine. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewRegisteredEngine

`func NewRegisteredEngine(name string, hostname string, ) *RegisteredEngine`

NewRegisteredEngine instantiates a new RegisteredEngine object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewRegisteredEngineWithDefaults

`func NewRegisteredEngineWithDefaults() *RegisteredEngine`

NewRegisteredEngineWithDefaults instantiates a new RegisteredEngine object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUuid

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetUuid() string`

GetUuid returns the Uuid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUuidOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetUuidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUuidOk returns a tuple with the Uuid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUuid

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetUuid(v string)`

SetUuid sets Uuid field to given value.

### HasUuid

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasUuid() bool`

HasUuid returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetUuidNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetUuidNil(b bool)`

 SetUuidNil sets the value for Uuid to be an explicit nil

### UnsetUuid
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetUuid()`

UnsetUuid ensures that no value is present for Uuid, not even an explicit nil
### GetType

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetType() string`

GetType returns the Type field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTypeOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTypeOk returns a tuple with the Type field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetType

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetType(v string)`

SetType sets Type field to given value.

### HasType

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasType() bool`

HasType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTypeNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetTypeNil(b bool)`

 SetTypeNil sets the value for Type to be an explicit nil

### UnsetType
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetType()`

UnsetType ensures that no value is present for Type, not even an explicit nil
### GetVersion

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetVersion() string`

GetVersion returns the Version field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVersionOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetVersionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetVersionOk returns a tuple with the Version field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVersion

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetVersion(v string)`

SetVersion sets Version field to given value.

### HasVersion

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasVersion() bool`

HasVersion returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetVersionNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetVersionNil(b bool)`

 SetVersionNil sets the value for Version to be an explicit nil

### UnsetVersion
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetVersion()`

UnsetVersion ensures that no value is present for Version, not even an explicit nil
### GetName

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.


### GetSshPublicKey

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetSshPublicKey() string`

GetSshPublicKey returns the SshPublicKey field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSshPublicKeyOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetSshPublicKeyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSshPublicKeyOk returns a tuple with the SshPublicKey field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSshPublicKey

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetSshPublicKey(v string)`

SetSshPublicKey sets SshPublicKey field to given value.

### HasSshPublicKey

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasSshPublicKey() bool`

HasSshPublicKey returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetHostname

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetHostname() string`

GetHostname returns the Hostname field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHostnameOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetHostnameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetHostnameOk returns a tuple with the Hostname field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHostname

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetHostname(v string)`

SetHostname sets Hostname field to given value.


### GetCpuCoreCount

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetCpuCoreCount() int32`

GetCpuCoreCount returns the CpuCoreCount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCpuCoreCountOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetCpuCoreCountOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCpuCoreCountOk returns a tuple with the CpuCoreCount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCpuCoreCount

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetCpuCoreCount(v int32)`

SetCpuCoreCount sets CpuCoreCount field to given value.

### HasCpuCoreCount

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasCpuCoreCount() bool`

HasCpuCoreCount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCpuCoreCountNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetCpuCoreCountNil(b bool)`

 SetCpuCoreCountNil sets the value for CpuCoreCount to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCpuCoreCount
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetCpuCoreCount()`

UnsetCpuCoreCount ensures that no value is present for CpuCoreCount, not even an explicit nil
### GetMemorySize

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetMemorySize() int64`

GetMemorySize returns the MemorySize field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMemorySizeOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetMemorySizeOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetMemorySizeOk returns a tuple with the MemorySize field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMemorySize

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetMemorySize(v int64)`

SetMemorySize sets MemorySize field to given value.

### HasMemorySize

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasMemorySize() bool`

HasMemorySize returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetMemorySizeNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetMemorySizeNil(b bool)`

 SetMemorySizeNil sets the value for MemorySize to be an explicit nil

### UnsetMemorySize
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetMemorySize()`

UnsetMemorySize ensures that no value is present for MemorySize, not even an explicit nil
### GetDataStorageCapacity

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetDataStorageCapacity() int64`

GetDataStorageCapacity returns the DataStorageCapacity field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDataStorageCapacityOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetDataStorageCapacityOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetDataStorageCapacityOk returns a tuple with the DataStorageCapacity field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDataStorageCapacity

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetDataStorageCapacity(v int64)`

SetDataStorageCapacity sets DataStorageCapacity field to given value.

### HasDataStorageCapacity

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasDataStorageCapacity() bool`

HasDataStorageCapacity returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDataStorageCapacityNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetDataStorageCapacityNil(b bool)`

 SetDataStorageCapacityNil sets the value for DataStorageCapacity to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDataStorageCapacity
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetDataStorageCapacity()`

UnsetDataStorageCapacity ensures that no value is present for DataStorageCapacity, not even an explicit nil
### GetDataStorageUsed

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetDataStorageUsed() int64`

GetDataStorageUsed returns the DataStorageUsed field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDataStorageUsedOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetDataStorageUsedOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetDataStorageUsedOk returns a tuple with the DataStorageUsed field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDataStorageUsed

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetDataStorageUsed(v int64)`

SetDataStorageUsed sets DataStorageUsed field to given value.

### HasDataStorageUsed

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasDataStorageUsed() bool`

HasDataStorageUsed returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDataStorageUsedNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetDataStorageUsedNil(b bool)`

 SetDataStorageUsedNil sets the value for DataStorageUsed to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDataStorageUsed
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetDataStorageUsed()`

UnsetDataStorageUsed ensures that no value is present for DataStorageUsed, not even an explicit nil
### GetInsecureSsl

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetInsecureSsl() bool`

GetInsecureSsl returns the InsecureSsl field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInsecureSslOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetInsecureSslOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetInsecureSslOk returns a tuple with the InsecureSsl field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInsecureSsl

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetInsecureSsl(v bool)`

SetInsecureSsl sets InsecureSsl field to given value.

### HasInsecureSsl

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasInsecureSsl() bool`

HasInsecureSsl returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUnsafeSslHostnameCheck

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetUnsafeSslHostnameCheck() bool`

GetUnsafeSslHostnameCheck returns the UnsafeSslHostnameCheck field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUnsafeSslHostnameCheckOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetUnsafeSslHostnameCheckOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetUnsafeSslHostnameCheckOk returns a tuple with the UnsafeSslHostnameCheck field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUnsafeSslHostnameCheck

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetUnsafeSslHostnameCheck(v bool)`

SetUnsafeSslHostnameCheck sets UnsafeSslHostnameCheck field to given value.

### HasUnsafeSslHostnameCheck

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasUnsafeSslHostnameCheck() bool`

HasUnsafeSslHostnameCheck returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTruststoreFilename

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetTruststoreFilename() string`

GetTruststoreFilename returns the TruststoreFilename field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTruststoreFilenameOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetTruststoreFilenameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTruststoreFilenameOk returns a tuple with the TruststoreFilename field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTruststoreFilename

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetTruststoreFilename(v string)`

SetTruststoreFilename sets TruststoreFilename field to given value.

### HasTruststoreFilename

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasTruststoreFilename() bool`

HasTruststoreFilename returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTruststoreFilenameNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetTruststoreFilenameNil(b bool)`

 SetTruststoreFilenameNil sets the value for TruststoreFilename to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTruststoreFilename
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetTruststoreFilename()`

UnsetTruststoreFilename ensures that no value is present for TruststoreFilename, not even an explicit nil
### GetTruststorePassword

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetTruststorePassword() string`

GetTruststorePassword returns the TruststorePassword field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTruststorePasswordOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetTruststorePasswordOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTruststorePasswordOk returns a tuple with the TruststorePassword field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTruststorePassword

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetTruststorePassword(v string)`

SetTruststorePassword sets TruststorePassword field to given value.

### HasTruststorePassword

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasTruststorePassword() bool`

HasTruststorePassword returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTruststorePasswordNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetTruststorePasswordNil(b bool)`

 SetTruststorePasswordNil sets the value for TruststorePassword to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTruststorePassword
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetTruststorePassword()`

UnsetTruststorePassword ensures that no value is present for TruststorePassword, not even an explicit nil
### GetStatus

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetStatus() string`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetStatus(v string)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.

### HasStatus

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasStatus() bool`

HasStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetStatusNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetStatusNil(b bool)`

 SetStatusNil sets the value for Status to be an explicit nil

### UnsetStatus
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetStatus()`

UnsetStatus ensures that no value is present for Status, not even an explicit nil
### GetConnectionStatus

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetConnectionStatus() string`

GetConnectionStatus returns the ConnectionStatus field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetConnectionStatusOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetConnectionStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetConnectionStatusOk returns a tuple with the ConnectionStatus field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetConnectionStatus

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetConnectionStatus(v string)`

SetConnectionStatus sets ConnectionStatus field to given value.

### HasConnectionStatus

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasConnectionStatus() bool`

HasConnectionStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetConnectionStatusNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetConnectionStatusNil(b bool)`

 SetConnectionStatusNil sets the value for ConnectionStatus to be an explicit nil

### UnsetConnectionStatus
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetConnectionStatus()`

UnsetConnectionStatus ensures that no value is present for ConnectionStatus, not even an explicit nil
### GetConnectionStatusDetails

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetConnectionStatusDetails() string`

GetConnectionStatusDetails returns the ConnectionStatusDetails field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetConnectionStatusDetailsOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetConnectionStatusDetailsOk() (*string, bool)`

GetConnectionStatusDetailsOk returns a tuple with the ConnectionStatusDetails field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetConnectionStatusDetails

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetConnectionStatusDetails(v string)`

SetConnectionStatusDetails sets ConnectionStatusDetails field to given value.

### HasConnectionStatusDetails

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasConnectionStatusDetails() bool`

HasConnectionStatusDetails returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetConnectionStatusDetailsNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetConnectionStatusDetailsNil(b bool)`

 SetConnectionStatusDetailsNil sets the value for ConnectionStatusDetails to be an explicit nil

### UnsetConnectionStatusDetails
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetConnectionStatusDetails()`

UnsetConnectionStatusDetails ensures that no value is present for ConnectionStatusDetails, not even an explicit nil
### GetUsername

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetUsername() string`

GetUsername returns the Username field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUsernameOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetUsernameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUsernameOk returns a tuple with the Username field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUsername

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetUsername(v string)`

SetUsername sets Username field to given value.

### HasUsername

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasUsername() bool`

HasUsername returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetUsernameNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetUsernameNil(b bool)`

 SetUsernameNil sets the value for Username to be an explicit nil

### UnsetUsername
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetUsername()`

UnsetUsername ensures that no value is present for Username, not even an explicit nil
### GetPassword

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetPassword() string`

GetPassword returns the Password field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPasswordOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetPasswordOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPasswordOk returns a tuple with the Password field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPassword

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetPassword(v string)`

SetPassword sets Password field to given value.

### HasPassword

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasPassword() bool`

HasPassword returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetPasswordNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetPasswordNil(b bool)`

 SetPasswordNil sets the value for Password to be an explicit nil

### UnsetPassword
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetPassword()`

UnsetPassword ensures that no value is present for Password, not even an explicit nil
### GetMaskingUsername

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetMaskingUsername() string`

GetMaskingUsername returns the MaskingUsername field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaskingUsernameOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetMaskingUsernameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMaskingUsernameOk returns a tuple with the MaskingUsername field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaskingUsername

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetMaskingUsername(v string)`

SetMaskingUsername sets MaskingUsername field to given value.

### HasMaskingUsername

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasMaskingUsername() bool`

HasMaskingUsername returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetMaskingUsernameNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetMaskingUsernameNil(b bool)`

 SetMaskingUsernameNil sets the value for MaskingUsername to be an explicit nil

### UnsetMaskingUsername
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetMaskingUsername()`

UnsetMaskingUsername ensures that no value is present for MaskingUsername, not even an explicit nil
### GetMaskingPassword

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetMaskingPassword() string`

GetMaskingPassword returns the MaskingPassword field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaskingPasswordOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetMaskingPasswordOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMaskingPasswordOk returns a tuple with the MaskingPassword field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaskingPassword

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetMaskingPassword(v string)`

SetMaskingPassword sets MaskingPassword field to given value.

### HasMaskingPassword

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasMaskingPassword() bool`

HasMaskingPassword returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetMaskingPasswordNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetMaskingPasswordNil(b bool)`

 SetMaskingPasswordNil sets the value for MaskingPassword to be an explicit nil

### UnsetMaskingPassword
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetMaskingPassword()`

UnsetMaskingPassword ensures that no value is present for MaskingPassword, not even an explicit nil
### GetHashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgs

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetHashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgs() []string`

GetHashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgs returns the HashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgs field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgsOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetHashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetHashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgsOk returns a tuple with the HashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgs field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgs

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetHashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgs(v []string)`

SetHashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgs sets HashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgs field to given value.

### HasHashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgs

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasHashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgs() bool`

HasHashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgs returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetHashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgsNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetHashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgsNil(b bool)`

 SetHashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgsNil sets the value for HashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgs to be an explicit nil

### UnsetHashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgs
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetHashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgs()`

UnsetHashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgs ensures that no value is present for HashicorpVaultUsernameCommandArgs, not even an explicit nil
### GetHashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgs

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetHashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgs() []string`

GetHashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgs returns the HashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgs field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgsOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetHashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetHashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgsOk returns a tuple with the HashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgs field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgs

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetHashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgs(v []string)`

SetHashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgs sets HashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgs field to given value.

### HasHashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgs

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasHashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgs() bool`

HasHashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgs returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetHashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgsNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetHashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgsNil(b bool)`

 SetHashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgsNil sets the value for HashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgs to be an explicit nil

### UnsetHashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgs
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetHashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgs()`

UnsetHashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgs ensures that no value is present for HashicorpVaultMaskingUsernameCommandArgs, not even an explicit nil
### GetHashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgs

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetHashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgs() []string`

GetHashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgs returns the HashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgs field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgsOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetHashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetHashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgsOk returns a tuple with the HashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgs field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgs

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetHashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgs(v []string)`

SetHashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgs sets HashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgs field to given value.

### HasHashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgs

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasHashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgs() bool`

HasHashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgs returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetHashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgsNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetHashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgsNil(b bool)`

 SetHashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgsNil sets the value for HashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgs to be an explicit nil

### UnsetHashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgs
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetHashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgs()`

UnsetHashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgs ensures that no value is present for HashicorpVaultPasswordCommandArgs, not even an explicit nil
### GetHashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgs

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetHashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgs() []string`

GetHashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgs returns the HashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgs field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgsOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetHashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetHashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgsOk returns a tuple with the HashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgs field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgs

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetHashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgs(v []string)`

SetHashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgs sets HashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgs field to given value.

### HasHashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgs

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasHashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgs() bool`

HasHashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgs returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetHashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgsNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetHashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgsNil(b bool)`

 SetHashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgsNil sets the value for HashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgs to be an explicit nil

### UnsetHashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgs
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetHashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgs()`

UnsetHashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgs ensures that no value is present for HashicorpVaultMaskingPasswordCommandArgs, not even an explicit nil
### GetMaskingHashicorpVaultId

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetMaskingHashicorpVaultId() int64`

GetMaskingHashicorpVaultId returns the MaskingHashicorpVaultId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaskingHashicorpVaultIdOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetMaskingHashicorpVaultIdOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetMaskingHashicorpVaultIdOk returns a tuple with the MaskingHashicorpVaultId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaskingHashicorpVaultId

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetMaskingHashicorpVaultId(v int64)`

SetMaskingHashicorpVaultId sets MaskingHashicorpVaultId field to given value.

### HasMaskingHashicorpVaultId

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasMaskingHashicorpVaultId() bool`

HasMaskingHashicorpVaultId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetMaskingHashicorpVaultIdNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetMaskingHashicorpVaultIdNil(b bool)`

 SetMaskingHashicorpVaultIdNil sets the value for MaskingHashicorpVaultId to be an explicit nil

### UnsetMaskingHashicorpVaultId
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetMaskingHashicorpVaultId()`

UnsetMaskingHashicorpVaultId ensures that no value is present for MaskingHashicorpVaultId, not even an explicit nil
### GetHashicorpVaultId

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetHashicorpVaultId() int64`

GetHashicorpVaultId returns the HashicorpVaultId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHashicorpVaultIdOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetHashicorpVaultIdOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetHashicorpVaultIdOk returns a tuple with the HashicorpVaultId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHashicorpVaultId

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetHashicorpVaultId(v int64)`

SetHashicorpVaultId sets HashicorpVaultId field to given value.

### HasHashicorpVaultId

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasHashicorpVaultId() bool`

HasHashicorpVaultId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetHashicorpVaultIdNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetHashicorpVaultIdNil(b bool)`

 SetHashicorpVaultIdNil sets the value for HashicorpVaultId to be an explicit nil

### UnsetHashicorpVaultId
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetHashicorpVaultId()`

UnsetHashicorpVaultId ensures that no value is present for HashicorpVaultId, not even an explicit nil
### GetTags

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetTags() []Tag`

GetTags returns the Tags field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTagsOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetTagsOk() (*[]Tag, bool)`

GetTagsOk returns a tuple with the Tags field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTags

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetTags(v []Tag)`

SetTags sets Tags field to given value.

### HasTags

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasTags() bool`

HasTags returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMaskingMemoryUsed

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetMaskingMemoryUsed() int64`

GetMaskingMemoryUsed returns the MaskingMemoryUsed field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaskingMemoryUsedOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetMaskingMemoryUsedOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetMaskingMemoryUsedOk returns a tuple with the MaskingMemoryUsed field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaskingMemoryUsed

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetMaskingMemoryUsed(v int64)`

SetMaskingMemoryUsed sets MaskingMemoryUsed field to given value.

### HasMaskingMemoryUsed

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasMaskingMemoryUsed() bool`

HasMaskingMemoryUsed returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetMaskingMemoryUsedNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetMaskingMemoryUsedNil(b bool)`

 SetMaskingMemoryUsedNil sets the value for MaskingMemoryUsed to be an explicit nil

### UnsetMaskingMemoryUsed
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetMaskingMemoryUsed()`

UnsetMaskingMemoryUsed ensures that no value is present for MaskingMemoryUsed, not even an explicit nil
### GetMaskingAllocatedMemory

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetMaskingAllocatedMemory() int64`

GetMaskingAllocatedMemory returns the MaskingAllocatedMemory field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaskingAllocatedMemoryOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetMaskingAllocatedMemoryOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetMaskingAllocatedMemoryOk returns a tuple with the MaskingAllocatedMemory field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaskingAllocatedMemory

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetMaskingAllocatedMemory(v int64)`

SetMaskingAllocatedMemory sets MaskingAllocatedMemory field to given value.

### HasMaskingAllocatedMemory

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasMaskingAllocatedMemory() bool`

HasMaskingAllocatedMemory returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetMaskingAllocatedMemoryNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetMaskingAllocatedMemoryNil(b bool)`

 SetMaskingAllocatedMemoryNil sets the value for MaskingAllocatedMemory to be an explicit nil

### UnsetMaskingAllocatedMemory
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetMaskingAllocatedMemory()`

UnsetMaskingAllocatedMemory ensures that no value is present for MaskingAllocatedMemory, not even an explicit nil
### GetMaskingJobsRunning

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetMaskingJobsRunning() int32`

GetMaskingJobsRunning returns the MaskingJobsRunning field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaskingJobsRunningOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetMaskingJobsRunningOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetMaskingJobsRunningOk returns a tuple with the MaskingJobsRunning field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaskingJobsRunning

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetMaskingJobsRunning(v int32)`

SetMaskingJobsRunning sets MaskingJobsRunning field to given value.

### HasMaskingJobsRunning

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasMaskingJobsRunning() bool`

HasMaskingJobsRunning returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetMaskingJobsRunningNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetMaskingJobsRunningNil(b bool)`

 SetMaskingJobsRunningNil sets the value for MaskingJobsRunning to be an explicit nil

### UnsetMaskingJobsRunning
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetMaskingJobsRunning()`

UnsetMaskingJobsRunning ensures that no value is present for MaskingJobsRunning, not even an explicit nil
### GetMaskingMaxConcurrentJobs

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetMaskingMaxConcurrentJobs() int32`

GetMaskingMaxConcurrentJobs returns the MaskingMaxConcurrentJobs field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaskingMaxConcurrentJobsOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetMaskingMaxConcurrentJobsOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetMaskingMaxConcurrentJobsOk returns a tuple with the MaskingMaxConcurrentJobs field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaskingMaxConcurrentJobs

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetMaskingMaxConcurrentJobs(v int32)`

SetMaskingMaxConcurrentJobs sets MaskingMaxConcurrentJobs field to given value.

### HasMaskingMaxConcurrentJobs

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasMaskingMaxConcurrentJobs() bool`

HasMaskingMaxConcurrentJobs returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetMaskingMaxConcurrentJobsNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetMaskingMaxConcurrentJobsNil(b bool)`

 SetMaskingMaxConcurrentJobsNil sets the value for MaskingMaxConcurrentJobs to be an explicit nil

### UnsetMaskingMaxConcurrentJobs
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetMaskingMaxConcurrentJobs()`

UnsetMaskingMaxConcurrentJobs ensures that no value is present for MaskingMaxConcurrentJobs, not even an explicit nil
### GetMaskingAvailableCores

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetMaskingAvailableCores() int32`

GetMaskingAvailableCores returns the MaskingAvailableCores field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaskingAvailableCoresOk

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) GetMaskingAvailableCoresOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetMaskingAvailableCoresOk returns a tuple with the MaskingAvailableCores field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaskingAvailableCores

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetMaskingAvailableCores(v int32)`

SetMaskingAvailableCores sets MaskingAvailableCores field to given value.

### HasMaskingAvailableCores

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) HasMaskingAvailableCores() bool`

HasMaskingAvailableCores returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetMaskingAvailableCoresNil

`func (o *RegisteredEngine) SetMaskingAvailableCoresNil(b bool)`

 SetMaskingAvailableCoresNil sets the value for MaskingAvailableCores to be an explicit nil

### UnsetMaskingAvailableCores
`func (o *RegisteredEngine) UnsetMaskingAvailableCores()`

UnsetMaskingAvailableCores ensures that no value is present for MaskingAvailableCores, not even an explicit nil

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


